eal! pom yl! abit ass

Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

Ministry of Higher Education

Al-Imam Muhammad Ibn Saud Islamic University
College of Computer and Information Sciences

 

 

LETTER OF RECOMMENDATION
Dated: 15" Sept., 2012

This recommendation is for Mr. ALGARNI, YASSER BREAK A, in support of his
application for graduate admission or a job. He was a student at our University, enrolled in
BSCS), which is a five year undergraduate degree course offered by the College of Computer
and Information Sciences. I am Professor at the Department of Information Systems and have
about twenty years of professional experience.

Thave known the above named student for the last one year of his stay at our University. He
has studied two of my courses, titled “Decision Support Systems” and “Data Mining”. He did
well in both of them. He has been a regular student in all classes, He has been cooperative in
group work. He can comprehend state-of-the-art technologies and researches, and can apply
this knowledge to construct a suitable design and approach for his assignments. From my
experience I can say that he is a bright and capable student and his academic record bears
testimony to the fact. I think that he is academically ready and prepared to pursue graduate
coursework.

He has adequate written and verbal communication skills and knows sufficient English for
higher studies.

He has good moral character and I have found him to be a positive person. He has a pleasant
personality and it is a pleasure to talk to him. He has good communication skills and has the
ability to talk logically and in a lucid manner. His amiable nature is one of his assets and he
enjoys cordial relations with fellow students.

A gentleman to the core, he possesses sound character, is very cordial and polite. He
possesses excellent inter personnel skills. A team player, he works well with his fellow
workers and is open and helpful to his colleagues and friends.

I would like to recommend him for being given admission in graduate studies program or a
job. I think, if given a chance, he will succeed because he is hardworking and intelligent.
These qualities are supplemented by his enthusiasm and motivation for improving himself.

VA:

Dr. Abdul Rauf Baig

Professor,

Dept. of Information Systems,

College of Computer and Information’Sciences,
Al-Imam Muhammad Ibn Saud Islamic University

 

 

Tel: +9661 2581818 Fax : +9661 2591616 P.O Box 5701 Riyadh 11432 email : ccis@imamu.edu.sa

 
pal Gea tl abl eu

Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Ministry of Higher Education
Al-Imam Muhammad Ibn Saud Islamic University

College of Computer and Information Sciences
Date : 15° September 2012

 

 

To Whom It May Concern

My name is Dr Ahmed Redha Mahlous and I am an Assistant Professor at Imam Bin
Saud University (KSA). I am writing this letter in support to Mr. ALGARNI YASSER

BREAK A for his application for a place within your valuable institution.

Ihave had the pleasure to know Mr. ALGARNI for the last two years. He attended my

class for decision support system module.

Mr. ALGARNI repeatedly surpassed every expectation that I had of him, and produced
results that equaled or excelled that of other students. He brings to all of his activities
energy, enthusiasm, and commitment. He is a motivated student, honest and has an
ability to learn quickly.

I strongly recommend Mr. ALGARNI for your institution and I am sure that he would be

an asset to you.
Tn closing, please feel free to contact me at amahlous@csis.imamu.edu.sa if you have any

questions concerning his qualifications or abilities relative to your needs and

expectations. I can be reached at 00966 | 2586825 for your convenience.

Sincerely,

 
 

Dr Ahmed Redha Mahlous
Assistant Professor, Imam University, KSA

Department of Information System

 

 

Tel: +9661 2581818 Fax : +9661 2591616 P.O Box 5701 Riyadh 11432 email : ccis@imamu.edu.sa
sll pom pS! Alt pas

:e—S)t! Aasgacut! Arrpad! ASLot!
Ver f/f sey cllall oulait! djl}
: Glo gact| Acad! agau ops tome pled | dacl>

 

GLaglalig uulat! agle ate

 

Date: September 10%, 2012
To Whom It May Concern

] have had the pleasure of knowing Mr. Yasser Break A Algarni since the last year, asa
student in one of my classes, during which I witnessed his commitment and hardworking.
He was a good student and he demonstrated outstanding abilities and maintained clear
sense of purpose.

Mr. Algarni is a dedicated person that can accomplish tasks perfectly. He enjoyed the
opportunity to learn from his professor and his peers and has proven to successfully
achieve his goals and works in a team environment.

It is for these reasons that I offer high recommendations for Mr. Algarni for postgraduate
studies. His abilities will truly be an asset to your institution, and I am sure he will continue
to grow in the program and beyond.

Sincerely,

Dr. Ayham Fayyoumi

Assistant Professor

Information System Department

College of Computer Sciences and Information
Al-Imam University

E-mail: a.fayyoumi@ccis.imamu.edu.sa

 

 

 

CCIS@iIMAMU.EdU.SA zc539 FEIT pl VENY Gola! OVeV OO. po TOUNTIT (ucla YOAIAVA ‘Laila

 

 
